What are the detrimental impacts of abortion on a women’s health?
What are the impacts of abortion on a women’s mental health?
Why do women have abortions?
Why do women have abortions later in their pregnancy?
Do people who currently have a child have the option to have an abortion? Why?
What are the side effects of having an abortion?
Why are abortions such a controversial issue?
What are the medical arguments for and against?
What are the religious arguments for and against abortion?
What are the political arguments for and against abortion?
What is the affect of overturning Roe V. Wade?
Is having an abortion immoral?
Is Planned Parenthood funded by the government? If not, why should it be?
What are the negative consequences of an abortion ban?
What are the benefits of an abortion ban?
Why is abortion considered a feminist issue?
What are other gender issues associated with abortion?
From a feminist viewpoint, what would be the best way to approach the problem of high abortion rates?
Who all are involved in making a decision about an abortion?
Would a medical safe abortion ban be a correct solution from a religious viewpoint?
What factors effect how different religions view abortion?
Historically, what has been the main cause of abortions?
Is analyzing the history of abortion important in todays debate about it?
What makes an abortion procedure safe?
Why is access to abortions limited?
What can be done to improve abortion access?
Where does family planning advice come into abortion care?
How do human rights factor into abortion and sexual and reproductive health?
What is the ethical dilemma around abortions?
How do abortions reduce the number of adoptable babies?
What is Gun Control in the United States like?
Is it better to limit gun control?
How does the US compare to other countries in gun control?
Is gun control against constitutional rights?
Would the US be safer with harsher gun control?
How many people died due to guns in 2019?
What are the restrictions on gun control in the United States?
Who supports harsh gun control?
Who supports lax gun control?
How many schools have been involved in gun shootings?
What are the main arguments for gun control?
Is it possible to not have gun violence?
Is gun violence good for the US?
How much money does the gun industry bring in every year for the United States?
Does California have gun control laws?
How does California's gun violence compare to other states?
What is the age range for gun ownership?
What are some proposed solutions for gun violence?
How have gun restrictions changed over time?
How do criminals obtain guns?
Are there loop holes to gun control?
What are the federal policies for gun control?
What are the state policies for gun control?
Are guns necessary?
Which state has the highest gun ownership?
Which state has the lowest gun ownership?
How does self-defense relate to gun ownership?
Is gun violence a serious problem in America?
Does limiting access to guns reduce gun violence?
How are guns purchased and transferred in America?
What can citizens do to minimize their carbon footprint?
How are governments trying to combat climate change?
What will happen to the climate if pollution continues to occur in the world?
What are the short term and long term effects of climate change?
How does climate change affect weather patterns?
Have there been any recent laws to address climate change?
Are electric cars better than gas cars at reducing emissions? Factor in the production of both types of cars, how long they last, and the production of replacement parts?
Why do some people think climate change is a hoax?
Is there evidence that the change in climate is due to Earth’s natural cycles?
Do greenhouse gases have an effect on our lives?
How has human activity affected climate change?
What are the pros and cons of deforestation?
What will happen if pollution continues to increase?
Should something be done to mitigate climate change?
What are effective renewable sources of energy?
How does the weather change because of climate change?
What is the difference between climate change and global warming?
Who are famous climate change activists?
Is the ocean level rising?
Is it possible in the distant future to have zero emissions?
Are hurricanes and earthquakes getting more extreme?
What happens to deserts due to climate change?
What are the effects climate change has on agriculture and the food supply?
What are the views democrats have on climate change?
What are democrats doing to combat climate change?
What are the views republicans have on climate change?
What are republicans doing to combat climate change?
Does political affiliation have to do with whether someone is willing to make an effort to mitigate climate change?
What human rights are affected by climate change?
What incentives can the government provide people to monitor their carbon footprint?
Do you think it's ethical to use animals for testing purposes?
Are you aware of the alternatives to animal testing that are available?
Do you believe that the benefits of animal testing outweigh the harm caused to animals?
Do you think that animals should be treated as objects for experimentation?
Do you believe that the use of animals in testing can be justified in any situation?
Are you aware of the laws and regulations surrounding animal testing?
Do you think that animal testing is an outdated practice?
Do you believe that there is enough transparency in the animal testing industry?
Do you think that animals should be used for cosmetics testing?
Are you aware of the psychological effects of animal testing on the animals?
Do you think that the use of animals in testing is a necessary evil?
Are you aware of the ethical concerns surrounding animal testing?
Do you think that the suffering of animals in testing is justified by the potential benefits to humans?
Do you believe that animals have rights that should be protected from experimentation?
Are you aware of the scientific limitations of animal testing?
Do you think that animal testing is a necessary component of drug development?
Are you aware of the alternatives to animal testing that are available?
Do you think that there should be more regulations and oversight of the animal testing industry?
Do you think that the use of animals in testing should be phased out in favor of alternative methods?
Don't you think animal testing is wrong?
How do humans benefit from animal research?
Don't you think animal testing is the correct way to test pharmicuticals
Do you belive that animals are willing to put themselves at risk for human benefit?
What are the pros that outweigh the cons of animal testing
What are some ways humans are benefiting from animal testing
what are some ways animals benefit from animal testing
what are some ways humans are being harmed by animal testing
what is the most optimal way to test pharmicutiacls, other than animal testing?
can you use animals to test steroids?
Do you think animals are ok with being tested on?
Should healthcare be free?
How important is healthcare?
Does everyone have access to healthcare?
How much should healthcare cost?
Why is healthcare so expensive right now?
Should healthcare be controlled by the government or states?
Who should get to decide what healthcare is?
Should healthcare be available to everyone?
What should the government’s role be in providing access to healthcare to Americans?
Who should decide when a healthcare service is medically necessary: the doctor who is treating the patient or the insurance plan who is paying the bill?
Should employers be required by law to offer health insurance to employees?
Do we have a moral obligation to provide healthcare to everyone as needed or is healthcare a commodity that should be subject to the same marketplace influences as other commodities?
Should health plans be required to provide an independent external appeals process when someone is denied coverage for a particular medical treatment?
What are the pros and cons in the current healthcare system?
What role will the health care issue play in the election? And is there a political candidate in this broad field who you think has the right idea?
Why is there not a lot of availability of a skilled workforce in healthcare?
How much of a role does new technology have in healthcare?
If healthcare should be free, who should be paying the employees?
Are there racial disparities in healthcare?
How has COVID-19 impacted healthcare?
A man named Biden wants healthcare but can't afford it.  What can he do?
Did Donald Trump make healthcare better?
Who improved healthcare the most?
Was Obama care good?
How does healthcare work?
Who should work in healthcare?
Is there a shortage of workers in healthcare?
What happens if healthcare suddenly disappeared?
Is healthcare more important than insurance?
What are some reasons to hate healthcare?
What are some potential legal or constitutional challenges to promoting religious freedom through political means, and how can these challenges be addressed?
Should employers be responsible for providing their employees with resources to help them with their religion?
What are some of the controversies surrounding the use of religious beliefs to justify discrimination or oppression?
How can conflicts between religious beliefs and scientific or medical practices be resolved in a way that respects individual autonomy and religious freedom?
What are some of the legal and ethical considerations surrounding the use of religious symbols and practices in public spaces?
How can the tension between religious beliefs and freedom of expression be resolved in a way that respects both values?
What are some of the legal and ethical considerations surrounding the use of religious exemptions in healthcare and other areas?
What are some of the challenges and controversies surrounding the use of religious language and rhetoric in political campaigns and discourse?
What legal or constitutional challenges may arise when religious freedom conflicts with other constitutional rights, such as the right to equal protection under the law or the right to privacy?
Should employers be allowed to discriminate against employees on the basis of religious beliefs, such as refusing to hire someone who does not share the same religious views?
What are the implications of using religious beliefs to justify discriminatory practices, such as denying same-sex couples the right to marry or adopting anti-transgender policies?
How should conflicts between religious beliefs and medical or scientific practices, such as the use of vaccines, be resolved when public health is at stake?
What are the legal and ethical considerations when religious symbols and practices are used in public spaces that are funded by taxpayers who may not share the same religious beliefs?
How can the use of religious language and rhetoric in political campaigns be monitored and regulated to prevent the marginalization of certain religious groups and ensure religious freedom for all?
What are the ethical considerations in allowing religious groups to establish their own laws and governance structures, and how can this be balanced with the need for a cohesive and equitable society?
What are the potential consequences of allowing religious organizations to be exempt from certain laws, such as anti-discrimination laws or taxation, and how can these be balanced with the principle of equality under the law?
What are the ethical considerations in allowing religious organizations to provide social services and public goods, and how can this be balanced with the need for an impartial and non-discriminatory government?
What are the implications of allowing religious groups to establish their own schools and educational institutions, and how can this be balanced with the need for a comprehensive and equitable education system?
What are the implications of religious freedom in the context of national security concerns, and how can these be addressed in a way that protects both individual liberties and the public good?
Who should take responsibility to provide special food to people with restricted diets due to religious beliefs?
What is the significance of religious freedom in modern society?
How has the concept of religious freedom evolved over time?
What are the key arguments for and against religious freedom?
How do different religions view the concept of religious freedom?
What role does the government play in protecting religious freedom?
How do international human rights treaties protect religious freedom?
How does religious freedom intersect with other civil liberties, such as freedom of speech?
What are the limitations on religious freedom in the workplace?
What are the potential consequences of restricting religious freedom?
How can we balance religious freedom with other societal interests, such as public safety or equality?
Should certain groups of individuals, such as the mentally ill or intellectually disabled, be exempt from capital punishment?
What impact does the use of capital punishment have on the mental health of those sentenced to death?
How effective is capital punishment as a deterrent to crime? Are there other forms of punishment that could be equally or more effective?
What is the impact of the death penalty on victims' families and on the broader community?
What is the impact of capital punishment on issues such as wrongful convictions, racial bias, and the overall effectiveness of the justice system?
What are the economic costs associated with administering capital punishment, and how do these costs compare to alternative forms of punishment?
How do public attitudes towards capital punishment vary by region, demographic group, and political affiliation? What factors contribute to these variations?
How do other countries' use of capital punishment compare to that of the United States, and what factors contribute to these differences?
How has the use of capital punishment changed over time, both in the United States and internationally?
What is the role of public opinion in shaping the use of capital punishment in the United States, and how have attitudes towards capital punishment changed over time?
What are the most common types of crimes that result in the death penalty, and why are they considered the most serious?
How does the death penalty impact the relationship between law enforcement and the communities they serve?
What is the role of the Supreme Court in determining the constitutionality of the death penalty?
How do the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution impact the use of the death penalty in the United States?
What role do victim impact statements play in death penalty cases, and how do they impact the decision-making process?
How do international extradition laws impact the use of the death penalty for cross-border crimes?
What is the history of capital punishment in the United States, and how has it evolved over time?
What is the role of the prosecutor in deciding whether to seek the death penalty, and how do they make this decision?
How does the use of the death penalty impact public confidence in the justice system?
How does the use of the death penalty impact the prison system, and what are the challenges associated with administering this form of punishment?
Is the Death Penalty necessary as just retribution for victims' families?
"Cruel and unusual punishment" is a strong sentiment, but aren't executions from the death penalty relatively swift and painless?
Do only the worst criminals get sentenced to death?
Does God have the right to execute people over the government?
Does capital punishment make people afraid to commit crimes in the future, thus making it effective?
Is the death penalty fair?
Should juvenile killers be executed?
Should appeals be allowed in death penalty cases?
Should the United States have the right to execute foreigners?
Is capital punishment an ethical issue?
A gender-neutral restroom is a restroom that is not designated as male or female, and is open to people of all genders.
Conversion therapy can cause significant harm to transgender individuals, including depression, anxiety, and suicide.
Conversion therapy is a discredited practice that attempts to change a person's sexual orientation or gender identity through therapy or other interventions.
Conversion therapy is banned in some states and cities, but is still legal in many parts of the United States.
Deadnaming is the practice of using a transgender person's former name, which can be hurtful and invalidating.
Gender affirmation refers to the process of supporting and validating a person's gender identity.
Gender dysphoria is a condition in which a person experiences significant distress as a result of the mismatch between their gender identity and the sex they were assigned at birth.
Gender expression refers to the way in which a person presents their gender to the world, which may include behaviors, clothing, and other forms of self-expression.
Gender identity is a person's internal sense of their own gender, which may or may not align with the sex they were assigned at birth.
Gender identity refers to a person's sense of their own gender, while sexual orientation refers to the gender(s) of the people to whom a person is attracted.
Gender nonconformity refers to behavior, appearance, or other characteristics that do not conform to traditional gender norms.
Gender-affirming healthcare includes hormone therapy, surgery, and other medical treatments that help transgender individuals align their physical bodies with their gender identities.
Gender-inclusive language is language that is inclusive of all genders, and avoids reinforcing traditional gender stereotypes.
Gender-neutral restrooms are designed to provide a safe and inclusive space for transgender and gender nonconforming individuals who may not feel comfortable using traditional male or female restrooms.
Gender-responsive healthcare focuses on providing care that is appropriate
Gender-responsive healthcare is healthcare that takes into account the unique needs and experiences of transgender and gender nonconforming individuals.
Is conversion therapy legal?
Misgendering is the practice of using the wrong pronouns or gendered language to refer to a transgender person.
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) is a proposed federal law that would prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
The Equality Act is a proposed federal law that would prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity in areas such as employment, housing, and public accommodations.
Transgender equality refers to the idea that all individuals, regardless of their gender identity, should be treated fairly and equally under the law and in society as a whole.
Transgender individuals often face discrimination, harassment, and violence, as well as barriers to healthcare, education, and employment.
Transgender is an umbrella term used to describe people whose gender identity differs from the sex they were assigned at birth.
What are some examples of gender-affirming healthcare?
What are some of the challenges faced by transgender individuals?
What is a gender-neutral restroom?
What is conversion therapy?
What is deadnaming?
What is gender affirmation?
What is gender dysphoria?
Are some races disproportionately targeted in the police system in America?
Does the police system in America have to change, and, if so, in what ways?
Give me one-sentence, unnuanced, college thesis statement responding to the question: Should police officers carry less weapons?
How might defunding the police affect poorer communities?
How might limiting the number of weapons police officers carry affect the police system in America?
In which case would defund the police not be harmful?
Should more or less funds be allocated to police systems to ensure safety?
Should more or less funds be allocated to police systems?
Should police officers carry less weapons?
What are some better ways for police reform other than defunding the police, or is defunding the police the ideal solution?
What are some ways to improve the police system in America?
What are some ways to limit racial targeting in the police system in America?
What are the potential consequences of defunding the police?
What are the potential drawbacks to defunding the police?
What are the potential effects of defunding the police?
What institutions might deserve funds reallocated from police departments?
What, if anything, is wrong with America's police system today?
When, if ever, can police brutality be justified?
Who would be most negatively affected if the defunding the police movement were not successful?
Who would be most negatively affected if the defunding the police movement were successful?
Who would be most positively affected if the defunding of the police movement were successful?
Who would be most positively affected if the defunding the police movement were not successful?
Write a persuasive, unnuanced paragraph to answer the question: Should police officers receive less funding?
Write a persuasive, unnuanced paragraph to answer the question: Should police officers receive more training to alleviate racial bias?
Write an inspiring poem about a fictitious personal experience that either supports or refutes the argument about police reform or police brutality.
Write an inspiring poem about a fictitious personal experience that either supports or refutes the argument about the defund the police movement.
Write an unnuanced opinion news article conclusion paragraph about  police reform.
Write an unnuanced opinion news article conclusion paragraph about police brutality.
Write an unnuanced opinion news article conclusion paragraph responding to the defund the police movement.
Write me a speech about either why we should defund the police or why we should not (just do one):
What impact does marijuana cultivation have on the environment at large?
How much would legalizing marijuana impact the economy?
Should the US legalize marijuana when it's been linked to a rise in traffic accidents and other safety concerns?
Why would marijuana legalization lead to higher rates of drug addiction and drug abuse among teens and children?
Why does marijuana legalization in theory not actually lead to legalization in practice?
Would criminal activity regarding marijuana smuggling and drug-related crimes be decreased after a full scale legalization of marijuana?
Would legalization of marijuana make drug use safer and decrease the potential for badly made drugs that could be unhealthy?
Why should marijuana not be legalized considering its high potency for abuse?
Why should marijuana be banned in all states due to its ability to create addiction among marginalized groups of people?
How can we ensure that people won't abuse marijuana once it's legal?
If tobacco and alcohol have major restrictions, why should marijuana be treated less seriously considering its danger?
Why legalize marijuana considering its potential for tax revenue?
Is marijuana worth the potential increase in crime and addiction rates that may come with it?
What are some good ways that we can reduce the number of people in jail after the legalization of marijuana?
How would legalizing marijuana affect the number of people killed due to drug use while driving or while using heavy machinery?
Is there enough research to support the idea that legalizing marijuana will have a net positive impact on society?
Why should we believe that marijuana has positive effects medicinally. Aren't there better alternatives anyway?
Why must marijuana be legalized considering the common good?
Why should all drugs be legal considering an individual's right to choose what is best for themselves?
What gives the government power to control an individual's ability to grow or use marijuana?
Why do you think the federal government should continue to criminalize marijuana, even though many states have already legalized it?
Why would making marijuana illegal federally violate individual and state rights?
Why do you think the government should continue to prohibit the sale and use of marijuana?
How can we justify spending billions of dollars on law enforcement and incarceration for non-violent drug offenses?
Give me an argument as to why marijuana should be as legal as any other cash crop.
Who benefits when marijuana is illegal?
Why do you think the government should prevent patients from accessing medical marijuana even if it is a matter of reducing serious pain?
Why do you think that marijuana prohibition is an effective method for maintaining and promoting public safety?
Wouldn't legalizing marijuana save the high amounts of tax dollars that come with policing and trafficking marijuana?
How would marijuana legalization reduce or increase wealth disparity in the US?
Should marriage equality be legal in certain states and illegal in others?
What does Marriage Equality mean
What is the difference between civil unions and marriage?  If they are different in name only, why do gays and lesbians need to be ""married""?
Hasn't marriage been traditionally defined as between a man and a woman?
What about religious groups who believe homosexuality is wrong - won't this pressure them to recognize homosexual couples or accept marriage of gay and lesbian couples?
What about those people who say their religious beliefs are threatened by marriage of lesbian and gay couples?
Don't the majority of Americans oppose marriage of same sex couples?
What's the harm of an Amendment that defines marriage?
What impact will marriage equality make on children?
Are same-sex marriages different from heterosexual marriages?
How do laws that limit marriage to heterosexuals affect gay and lesbian people?
Do same-sex couples make fit parents?
Why is civil marriage so important?
What could be wrong with affirming two people’s love and commitment to each other?
Isn’t it discriminatory for it to be illegal for two men or two women to marry?
Shouldn’t we seek to treat all people equally?
Why should same-sex couples be denied rights in areas such as inheritance or visitation?
Jesus never said anything about same-sex marriages. Why should Christians speak on the subject?
Doesn’t all opposition to same-sex marriage boil down to homophobia and opposition to gay sex?
Why the fixation on same-sex marriage? Why not the same opposition to divorce culture, for instance? Surely husbands and wives divorcing weaken the institution of marriage much more than same-sex couples wishing to enter it.
On what basis do opponents of same-sex marriage say that it will lead to polygamy?
Couldn’t same-sex marriage lead to a strengthening of marriage as an institution?
If we oppose same-sex marriages, should we support civil partnerships?
What about same-sex couples adopting?
Isn’t the ‘redefinition’ of marriage a misnomer, as marriage has never been defined in the first place?
Can and should Christians argue from a position that does not grant the legitimacy of same-sex relations for the sake of argument?
Some, especially John Boswell, have argued that the adelphopoiesis ceremony was designed to create marriage-like unions between members of the same sex in a Christian context. Can we take this as precedent for same-sex marriages?
Some opponents of same-sex marriage claim that it will tend to weaken the value of lifelong monogamy. Isn’t such a claim merely homophobic, denying that same-sex couples can be as committed to each other as male and female couples?
Isn’t polygamy clear evidence against a supposed historical consensus on marriage?
Would expanding marriage to include gay couples would lead to marriage’s redefinition?